okay guys what we've done so far in the
replacement of removing this stock from
Futaba SBUs receiver out of the Phantom
we've unscrew the two screws and we're
taking out the stock receiver
it also comes out of that little hole
right there so just pull that out what
we're gonna do is we're going to take
the AR 8,000 put a piece of two sided
sticky tape place it there they're going
to take all of our pitch cables and
we're going to just accordingly do
either onto either on rudder to rudder
elevator and move down the line until we
finish those up after we finish that up
we're gonna run the satellite back down
through that hole and it'll eventually
boat to the leg right here and pretty
much will keep on moving we're gonna put
in this area the telemetry unit which
goes right there and we're gonna wire
the positives to the battery from that
there and the temperature sensor is
going to go right there on the esc to
let us know if we're lifting too much
weight or not and hang on for the next
part of this video and we'll keep moving
through it okay guys we've now installed
a receiver they are eight thousand unto
the main board we've ran the satellite
receiver wire through the small hole
that's going to attach to the legs and
we've attached all the servo leads to
the Naza where that tape is it tape
blocks the light beam that comes out the
receiver just so those interference the
only plug in that's left is the actual
GPS compass unit which is this unit
right here it plugs right into there and
now we're going to move on to install it
at elementary okay guys now we know that
the telemetry unit for the spectrum
sends back your current battery voltage
under load which is really nice
now how we get that into the telemetry
unit is we actually take the data cable
and we actually solder the negative and
positive accordingly to those two
locations right there and then we're
going to use some two sided sticky tape
move that compas cable out the way and
it's going to mount right there and then
we're gonna take this cable put a small
extension over it and it's going to go
to the data cable there so it'll talk
what they are
so this unit right here will send back
the SC temperature it will send back
battery voltage temp um voltage as well
so it'll be complete on your own dx8